Add docs on moving parent work packages (#16918)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/work-packages/work-packages-faq/README.md

In the work package table: Right-click on the work package and choose **Move to another project**.  

> In the details view of the work package: Click on **More** (button with three dots in the upper right hand corner) and the on **Move to another project**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the details view of the work package: Click on **More** (button with three dots in the upper right hand corner) and then on **Move to another project**. 
```

> [!TIP]
>

> > If a work package you move has children work packages, they will be moved to another project as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If a work package you move has children work packages, they will be moved to the selected project as well.
```
